♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
- Ooh.
- Oh, yeah.
- Whoa!
- Ah!
Whoa-ho-ho!
[together]
Whoa-oh-oh-oh! Whoa!
I love exploring spooky caves
at night! Ha ha!
That cave was one of
the spookiest I've ever been in.
I kept thinking,
"Who's that? Who's there?"
But-- but it
was just you guys. [laughs]
If you think that
that cave is spooky,
it's nothing compared to--
oh, no, no, no, no, no.
I can't even talk about it.
It's just too dark
and spooky...
- and yucky.
- [gasps]
Come on, Ripple.
Whose cave is it?
Oh, well, the cave
I'm talking about
is the home
of the hagfish!
- [all gasp]
- [laughs]
I changed my mind.
That's really bad.
Yeah, I've heard
about the hagfish.
She lives way down
in the deep.
Yeah.
Heard about her?
Ha, growing up
in Reeftown,
everyone talked about
the spooky hagfish laugh.
[laughs evilly]
And how it could be heard
for miles and miles.
Or the slime monster
that attacks anyone
who gets near the cave.
Or how about the fact
that she eats the fish
and other creatures
that sink to the deep.
What does this hagfish
look like anyway?
Well, uh, I've never actually
seen her, but...
Come to think of it, I don't
know anyone who's ever actually
seen the hagfish,
do you?
Probably because
if they did see her,
they never came back.
But so many creatures from all
over have told these stories.
Surely by now someone's gone
to the hagfish cave
- to check them out, uh, right?
- I don't know.
You would have to be
very, very brave to go there.
Exactly!
Let's do it.
- Whoo!
- Come on, you guys.
- It'll be fun!
- Come on. Let's go.
I bet the hagfish's cave
is around here somewhere.
Yeah, and being in the deep
doesn't help.
I can't see anything.
Well, we'll know we're close
when we hear her spooky laugh.
[woman cackles,
all yelp]
- Whoa!
- Sorry.
Uh, yeah, her spooky laugh
like, uh, that.
All right,
let's check it out.
Yeah, come on, let's do it.
Come on, you guys.
[woman cackles]
Oh, it's the hagfish!
I just know it.
Wait a minute.
Hagfish don't have
bioluminescent lights.
- Lu, is that you?
- Hmm?
Oh, hey there, kids.
What brings you
down to the deep today?
[all] Lu!
We heard this really loud,
spooky laugh
and we thought
it was the hagfish.
Hagfish?
Oh, no sirree!
That was just yours truly
laughing up a storm.
I'm sorry I spooked you kids,
but Bob here
was just tickling
my funny bone.
That's right, kids.
It's a laugh a minute
with old Bob here.
Boy am I glad
we found you, Lu.
You know everything there is
to know about the deep,
- Well...
- So what can you tell us
about the hagfish?
You know, we never actually
met that old hagfish.
She lives right around here,
but she pretty much keeps
to herself.
I tell you this, though,
nothing I find in the big, dark
deep surprises me anymore.
♪ The deep, deep ocean ♪
♪ Such a remarkable place ♪
♪ But it's hard
to see your fin ♪
♪ When it's right
in front of your face ♪
- ♪ Because it's dark ♪
- ♪ Yes, it's dark ♪
- ♪ Dark and deep ♪
♪ Dark and deep
where we live and sleep ♪
- ♪ But it's all good ♪
- ♪ It's all good ♪
♪ We're all right
in the deep dark water ♪
♪ Where the sunlight
doesn't shine ♪
- ♪ Whole lot of life ♪
- ♪ Is happening here ♪
♪ Listen up and swim on down
and never fear ♪
♪ Incredible things
are here to be found ♪
♪ And I know one
who'll show you all around ♪
- ♪ All around ♪
- ♪ I'll show you wonders ♪
♪ Like you've
never seen before ♪
♪ And when you think
you've seen it all ♪
♪ I'll show you more ♪
- ♪ The water's cold ♪
- Brr.
♪ As we go lower ♪
[all] ♪ Life down here moves
a little bit slower ♪
♪ And when it gets darker
than the darkest night ♪
♪ We know how to shine
a light ♪
- Don't we, friends?
- ♪ Bioluminescence ♪
♪ Shine a light ♪
- ♪ Hmm, shining bright ♪
♪ With bioluminescence
and all our other senses ♪
♪ We've adapted
to our home sweet home ♪
Good job, Bob.
♪ And yes it's dark ♪
- ♪ Yes, it's dark ♪
- ♪ Dark and deep ♪
- Ha ha!
♪ Dark and deep
where we live and sleep ♪
- ♪ But it's all good ♪
- ♪ It's all good ♪
- ♪ We're all fine ♪
- ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Here where the sunlight
doesn't shi-i-ne ♪
♪ Swim on down and never fear ♪
♪ There's a whole
lot of life down he-e-re ♪
♪ Whole lot of life
down here ♪
Okay, this is where Lu said
the hagfish's cave would be.
So who's gonna go up
and say hello?
- Not it.
- Not it!
[sighs]
Okay, I'll do it.
Heh, how spooky could it be?
[woman cackles]
[all] Whoa!
You okay, Splash?
[shivering] Of course.
[laughs nervously]
I'm just shivering
because, uh, you know,
it's, uh, a little bit colder
down here in the d-d-d-d--
- Deep.
I'll do it.
It's time we find out
once and for all
if the legends are true.
Uh... hello?
[woman] Huh? Who's there?
- Oh!
- Whoa!
It's the slime monster!
Bubbles, are you okay?
Ahh, I'm pretty great.
This isn't monster slime.
It's just regular old slime.
Hmm, you're still here,
even after getting slimed?
Yeah.
Slime doesn't bother me.
In fact, I really like it.
- You do?
- Mm-hmm.
Uh...
my name is Bubbles.
Boo.
[all yelp]
Oh, no, sweetheart.
I meant that's my name.
Boo, Boo Hagley.
Nice to meet you, Bubbles.
Nice to meet you too, Boo.
Why don't you and your friends
come a little closer, dear?
Guys, it could be a trap
for the slime monster.
Oh, you're a funny one,
my little puffy friend.
But I'm afraid there aren't
any slime monsters here
or anywhere else
for that matter.
- There aren't?
- Oh, goodness no.
I secrete the slime
when I get scared.
It's my way
to keep away predators.
Oh, we're sorry.
Do you want us to leave?
Oh, no, not at all,
little one.
When you came up to the cave,
you gave me a bit of a startle,
and when that happens...
This happens.
- Exactly.
- So you were scared of us?
Well, I was just sitting
in my slime pit
not expecting any visitors,
and I couldn't see
who was there,
so, you know,
a fish can't be too careful
down here in the deep.
Um, I'm sorry.
Did I hear something
about a slime pit?
Oh, yes, indeed.
I love my slime pit.
Not only is it filled
with lots of the ooey,
gooey things I love to eat,
but my predators,
they don't want to go
anywhere near it,
so it keeps me protected.
Oh, would you care to see it?
[gasps] Would I ever?!
- [laughs]
- Here I go!
- Whoo! [laughs]
- [squishing]
Oh-ho-ho! Yeah!
Oh, Boo, I feel so silly
ever being scared of you.
Yeah, you seem so nice.
Which one of you is talking?
Come closer.
If we do,
are you gonna slime us?
Oh, I wouldn't dream of sliming
new friends like you all.
I just can't see
who's talking to me,
unless they're very close.
My eyesight isn't very good,
but then again,
it's so dark down here,
I couldn't see anything,
even with good eyes.
[laughter]
- [Boo cackling]
- Eep!
So why were you all so scared
of little old me anyhow?
- Uh...
- Uh, well, uh...
Because of all
the spooky stories
we heard about the hagfish.
Ooh, I love stories.
What are they?
Uh, you know, there's one
about your spooky laugh.
Oh, I just love to laugh,
that's all.
Nothing spooky
about being happy.
I mean, where do they
come up with this stuff?
[cackling]
Yeah, there's also the stories
about the slime monsters,
of course.
Well,
guilty as charged there.
I have been known
to let the slime fly,
- if you know what I mean.
- I do.
[laughter]
Okay, okay,
what about the last,
really spooky story about...
What?
What is it, sweetie?
You see, there's a story that
hagfish eat all the different
creatures that sink
to the bottom of the deep,
but I'm sure that's not true.
Oh, well, that
is completely... true.
[all gasp]
Uh, why would you
do that, Boo?
Well, what I really do is eat
all of the bacteria
and germy stuff that falls
to the bottom
of the ocean called detritus.
Ooh, that stuff
is bad for the water.
That's right, if that detritus
sits around too long,
it would spread germs
in the water,
which could make a lot
of creatures down here sick,
so I take care of that
by just eating it up.
Wow, so all the legends we heard
were partly true,
but not for the reasons
we thought.
And by believing in them
for so long,
we were denying ourselves
a really special treat.
Really?
What treat is that, dear?
Well, we were missing out
on spending time
with a wonderful new friend
like you.
How about a snuggle?
- [splat]
- Ahh-ahh, who's there?
Whoa! Whoa.
[laughter]
I gotta say, Boo,
being friends with a hagfish
can be a little messy,
but it's still a treat.
Now, who wants
to check out the slime pit?
- I do! Let's go!
- Me, me, me!
Come on, let's go!
Good evening,
Reeftown residents.
It's been a fin-tastic day.
Maury, Denny, it's gonna be
a beautiful night in Reeftown.
[mumbling]
Couldn't have said it
better myself.
Yeah.
[laughs]
Hello there, Wave.
We'll have calm
and clear waters tonight.
Sounds good.
Ahh, yeah!
Hey, Dunk.
Hey, Mayor Sting.
What are you doing?
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do do,
he's doing, doing it ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I don't know what I'm doing,
I'm just doing it ♪
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do,
he's doing it ♪
♪ I'm playing and I'm jumping,
I'm just moving it ♪
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do,
he's doing it ♪
♪ I don't know what I'm doing,
but I'm getting it done ♪
♪ Everyone can see
that I'm having some fun ♪
♪ And I don't know
what I'm doing ♪
♪ I'm just doing it ♪
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
♪ Whatever it is
I'm working on ♪
♪ Well, it's working for me ♪
[chorus]
♪ He's working it out now ♪
♪ I don't worry
if it's right or wrong ♪
♪ I just do, do, do it,
what comes naturally ♪
♪ Every day, I'm coming up
with something new ♪
♪ I'm happy when I do it,
and I like what I do ♪
♪ And I don't know
what I'm doing ♪
♪ I'm just doing it,
doing it ♪
♪ Do, do, do, do,
That's one nice-looking
sand sculpture, Dunk.
Thanks, Mayor Sting.
Are you gonna make
another one?
Uh, not today,
it's getting pretty late,
and it'll be dark soon.
I think I kind of
lost track of time
working on my masterpiece.
Well, it's gonna be a big,
bright bubble night tonight.
So you won't have to worry
about it getting too dark.
That's good,
I don't really like it
when it gets too dark.
Everything looks spooky.
Are you afraid of the dark,
Dunk?
Not all of it.
Just the parts where
there's no light.
Well, there's no need
to worry.
I'll be on patrol, so Reeftown
will be quiet and peaceful.
Thanks, Mayor Sting.
Yeah.
This is a pretty good one,
if I do say so myself.
Which I do.
[laughs]
Ooh, ha-ha. [sighs]
[giggles]
- Ohh.
- Huh? [gasps]
Oh, hey-o, big, bright bubble.
I'm really happy you're shining
big and bright tonight.
Not that I'm afraid
of the dark.
[twang]
Yeow!
Now I'm afraid of the dark!
Dunk? What happened?
Are you okay?
Th-th-there's something
in my house.
Well, what is it?
I don't know,
but it was prickly and pointy
with a million
stinging spikes on it!
I think it was a monster.
Dunk, you know monsters
aren't real.
Of course they aren't...
except for maybe this one.
Well, I'm sure it's just
your imagination.
But I'll go check.
[exhales]
Hmm... hmm.
I don't see anything in here!
[twang]
Ouch!
So was it just
my imagination?
No! Swim away!
- Swim away!
- [screams]
There's probably nothing
in there, right?
I mean, this is silly.
Right,
so silly, of course.
So, uh, what are we
doing out here?
Well, we're just, uh, hanging
out, keeping each other company.
[chuckles] Right,
keeping each other company.
Not scared.
Yep,
not scared at all.
[both] Hi, guys!
[screams]
Oh, oh, oh,
we didn't mean to scare you.
Quiet.
It'll hear you.
Oh, so what are you guys
doing down here?
We're hiding from...
the monster in my home.
Oooh, a monster?
What kind of monster?
Yeah, is it goopy and gooey
and gross?
- Yeah.
- It's a monster!
- Does it matter?
- Oh.
It's spiky and sharp
and probably has snarling teeth
just waiting to take a bite...
out of me!
It's true!
I felt it
with my own fins. Oh!
And that's why
I'm staying out here all night,
where it's safe.
You're gonna stay out here
all night?
But where will you sleep?
Uh, oh, uh...
it's perfectly fine.
I can settle in here.
It's perfectly comfortable.
[groans] See?
Yeah, you know what?
You're more than welcome to stay
with one of us, Dunk.
Really?
Thanks.
That'd be great.
But what if the monster decides
to stay more than one night?
Plus, I really like sleeping
in my own home.
So what will you do
about the monster?
Well, I guess I'll just
have to ask it to leave.
I just said that out loud,
didn't I?
[together] Yep.
Ugh.
Okay...
I can do this.
Yeah, buddy, go for it.
All right, monster,
you better,
uh, get out of my home...
well,
if you don't mind.
You know what?
You seem busy.
I'll come back later.
[tiny voice] Oh... scared.
What?
You're scared?
[gasps] Oh, hey, little guy.
Watch out.
There's a monster in there,
and-- oh!
Ow.
Those are some really pokey
spines.
Wait...
was that you?
Well,
you're not a monster at all.
My name's Archie.
Hey, look.
It was just a cute little
sea urchin.
Aww, hi, Archie.
Well, I guess we just
bumped into your spines
and thought you were
a monster.
Sorry.
[all] Aww!
Oh, don't worry.
That's why you have spines,
to protect you.
Yeah, and they're good
for scaring off predators.
Watch out, predators.
[all] Awwww!
I like you.
You're nice.
Oh, I just love
your little tube feet.
They're so cute.
Yay!
They help me climb.
Look at that.
Wow, look at him go.
He's a little reef climber.
How does he do that?
I think his tube feet are like
cute little suction cups,
like an octopus' tentacles.
Look at me!
And now I climb down.
I can't believe
we were scared of him.
- Yeah.
- He's so cute.
Yeah, well, he looked
a lot spookier
when we couldn't see him.
Yeah, so where you been
all this time, Archie?
I live higher.
Well, then what are you
doing down here?
Hiding lower.
Hiding from what?
The thing up there.
Huh? What?
Oh, that?
Oh, that's just
the big, bright bubble.
Yeah, you don't need
to worry about...
[all gasp]
[all scream]
[all babbling frantically]
Ow.
Sorry!
Wow, you weren't kidding about
those spines, Archie, whew.
Come on.
Let's just be careful.
[all chattering]
Hold on.
What are we hiding from?
[Splash] From the monster
up there, Dunk.
Oh, why did we pick
the same place to hide?
- [twanging]
- Ow! Ow!
Dunk, why aren't you hiding
with us?
Well, if Archie
wasn't a monster,
what if that thing's
not a monster either?
Oh.
There's no one here.
Well, I guess
we scared him off.
Umm... [gasps]
- I don't think we did!
- [gasps]
It's the monster!
And it's coming
right for us!
What do we do?
- Uh, everyone hide!
- Ahh!
No!
We need to face this thing!
Wait. That's not a monster.
Then what is it?
That's...
[all gasp] Mayor Sting!
Whoa!
Hello, kids.
I wasn't too sure who was
swimming around in the dark.
Phew.
I'm glad you're not a monster.
Same here.
I'm glad it was just
you kids up here.
But why did you think
I was a monster?
Well, there's a little
sea urchin hiding from you
- in Dunk's home.
- Hiding from me?
Well, he was afraid
of your big shadow.
Hmm, well, I guess I can look
pretty spooky at night.
Well, you sure spooked
all of us.
You know, I don't think Archie
would be so scared
if he knew it was you.
That's what I do,
little fella.
I circle the reef at night
to make sure
everything is safe and sound.
I wonder why he didn't get
scared till tonight.
I suppose there's
always a chance
he's never seen me
at night.
Well, how is that possible?
You're so big!
Well, sea urchins
don't have eyes.
Instead, all around their
bodies, their tube feet have
light receptor cells on them.
And they use those
to detect light and shadows.
You mean their cute
little tube feet
aren't just used
for walking around?
Nope.
That's how Archie can see you.
Hi, everyone.
[all] Aww.
Since the big bubble
was so bright tonight,
there was enough light
for Archie to see me swim by,
and my big shadow
must have scared him.
From now on, I'll say,
"Hello there, Archie!"
Then you'll know it's me.
Well, I should continue
patrolling the reef.
Have a good night, kids.
[all] Good night,
Mayor Sting!
- Bye!
- Well...
[yawns]
I could certainly use
some shut-eye after all that.
Yeah.
- Wait. Don't go.
- [Splash gasps]
[all] Aww.
Still a little scared?
How about if I
stay with you tonight?
Well, I thought you
didn't like the dark.
Well, I don't.
But it's not so spooky
when you're with a friend.
[laughs]
Okay. Good night.
Good night, Dunk.
Good night, Archie.
Yay. Snuggle time.
- [twang]
- [Diunk] Ouch!
- Sorry.
- It's okay, pal.
- Good night.
- Good night, Dunk.
- [twang]
- Ouch!
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪